Intro
-----

This is the alpha version 0.3 of rx320, a Linux control program for the
Ten-Tec RX320 receiver with a graphical interface.

Currently the program is capable of communicating with the receiver using
one of the available serial ports. There is also support for managing
frequency database files: the program can read and save files in Clifton
Turner's *.320 format, and the receiver can be tuned to selected stations.
New stations can be entered and existing ones can be edited.

No frequency sweep modes are implemented yet.

The program saves the whole receiver state on exit, including the two VFO
frequencies, and restores them on startup. The receiver is also reinitialized
every time a power-on is detected.

Right-clicking on an empty space between buttons popups a menu which lets
you to open the frequency database window. Note that you can have several of
these windows open simultaneously. From the File menu of the database window
you can then open a *.320 file. Double-click on station names to tune the
receiver into that station. Select "Edit/Add new station" to enter a new
station into the database. Select "Edit/Change entry" to edit the currently
selected database entry.

The main tuning knob works more like a real one (i.e. you click on the small
hole and move the mouse around in circles), and not like the knob in the
Ten-Tec's Windows program.

You can also use the Right and Left arrow keys to tune up and down in
frequency with the currently selected tuning step, or PgUp and PgDn to tune
by 10 times the current step. Use the number keys to enter directly a
frequency (in Hertz), finish with Enter to tune to that frequency or with
Escape to abort the operation.


Installation
------------

To compile and run the program you need to have xclass version 0.6.2 or
higher installed in your system (xclass is currently available from
http://xclass.sourceforge.net and ftp://mitac11.uia.ac.be/pub/xclass).
In order to build the executable go to the directory where you unpacked
the sources and type 'make'. Then copy the resulting rx320 to somewhere
in your $PATH.

To run the program, just type rx320 and the main window should appear. The
serial port device defaults to /dev/ttyS1, and if you're using another port
you'll have to modify the startup file manually. Just exit the program, edit
the startup file (usually saved as $HOME/.xclassrc/etc/rx320rx), modify
accordingly the "device" option under "[defaults]" and restart the program.
Make sure you have the correct permissions to access the serial port.


Have fun,
Hector.
